This is a bunch of people who've been reaching out to me,
trying to get me to write a book, which is ridiculous.
Why there there's people who are brilliant folks like you like
Jordan Peterson that I think have a lot of knowledge to share with the world.
Okay.
I think what I feel I can contribute to the world in terms of impact
is to build something. Okay.
Meaning like engineering stuff. Okay.
Like a book I feel to be engineered and I'm not using it loosely.
You have to engineer book. It would not for sure. I,
what I mean is like literally a product with programming and artificial
intelligence. Oh, that's I want to build a company. I want to, because there's,
I have a few ideas that I feel I'm equipped at.
It has to do with your like,
intuition about the way you can build a better world. You individually.
Like what can you add to the world? That's a positive thing. And for me,
I feel like the maximum thing I can add to the world is at least to
attempt to build products that would add more love in the world.
And like, so I want to focus on that, the danger of the book for me,
or any kind of writing,
and even this podcast is a little bit dangerous for me is like,
it's fun for sure. It's, it's, it's fun.
It's like,
it takes you into this place where you start thinking about the world,
you start enjoying and playing with ideas. You start and like,
I just your book on, um, dear reader, uh,
but also the new, right?
Like clearly you're not probably think similarly in the sense that you
did a lot of work. Yes. This next book is killing me. Yeah.
As you mentioned, often, it's clear like, uh,
on your YouTube channel, which I'm a fan of you often, it just comes out.
Like you mentioned all of these books that you're reading,
it just comes through you that you're suffering through this and you've,
it changes you.
And it's clearer that you're thinking deeply about the world because of
this book. And I feel like if you do that, that's like, uh,
when I was, when I first came to this country,
I read the book to give her it and to read it again. It's like it, uh,
the red pill thing is it changes you in where you can never be the
same person. Again, I feel, I feel about a book in that same way.
The moment you write a book, the domain, of course, it depends on the book.
I could also just write, uh, like in my field, a very technical book.
No, that's terrible idea. Yes. But that that's okay. That doesn't really change.
You that's just like sharing information, but like something where you're like,
how do I think about this world? Can you just leave that behind you? I get it.
It's it's it's being pregnant. There's it never escapes your brain.
I'm telling you. You're absolutely right.